[Receptionist] updates for the challenge (#930)
RoboCupAtHome/RuleBook: scoresheets/Receptionist.tex

\begin{scorelist}[startbutton=false,timelimit=5]
	\scoreheading{Main Goal}

> 	\scoreitem[2]{30}{show the guest around (navigate to the beverage area and living room)}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	\scoreitem[2]{30}{Show the guest around (navigate to the beverage area and living room)}
```

	\scoreitem[1]{30}{Look in the direction of navigation or at the navigation goal}

> 	\scoreitem[2]{20}{confirm favorite drink}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	\scoreitem[2]{20}{Confirm favorite drink}
```

> 	\scoreitem[2]{20}{confirm interest of guest}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	\scoreitem[2]{20}{Confirm interest of guest}
```

> 	\scoreitem[2]{20}{tell position of favorite drink}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	\scoreitem[2]{20}{Tell position of favorite drink}
```

	\scoreitem[2]{100}{Offer a free seat to the new guest}
	\scoreitem[2]{75}{Look at the person talking}
	\scoreitem[1]{75}{Introduce both guests to each other}

	
	\scoreheading{Bonus Rewards}
	\scoreitem[2]{125}{Open the entrance door for a guest}
	\scoreitem[1]{50}{State a shared interest between two or more persons}
	\scoreitem[4]{30}{Describe the first guest to the second guest (per correct attribute)}

	\scoreheading{Penalties}
	\penaltyitem[2]{50}{Wrong guest information was memorized (continue with wrong name or drink)}

> 	\penaltyitem[2]{50}{interest was not or wrongly memorized}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	\penaltyitem[2]{50}{Interest was not or wrongly memorized}
```

	\penaltyitem{50}{Persistent inappropriate gaze (away from conversational partner)}
	\penaltyitem{25}{Persistent gaze not in the direction of the navigation while moving.}
	\penaltyitem[4]{30}{Describe the first guest to the second guest (per incorrect attribute)}

> 	\penaltyitem[1]{30}{wrongly stating a similarity}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	\penaltyitem[1]{30}{Wrongly stating a similarity}
```

\begin{scorelist}[startbutton=false,timelimit=5]
	\scoreheading{Main Goal}
	\scoreitem[2]{30}{show the guest around (navigate to the beverage area and living room)}
	\scoreitem[1]{30}{Look in the direction of navigation or at the navigation goal}
	\scoreitem[2]{20}{identify favorite drink}

> 	\scoreitem[2]{20}{identify interest of guest}

Reviewer: what does `identify` mean? Is it fine for the robot to just ask for a hobby and listen for an answer?

	\scoreitem[2]{20}{tell position of favorite drink}
	\scoreitem[2]{100}{Offer a free seat to the new guest}
	\scoreitem[2]{75}{Look at the person talking}
	\scoreitem[1]{75}{Introduce both guests to each other}

	
	\scoreheading{Bonus Rewards}
	\scoreitem[2]{125}{Open the entrance door for a guest}

> 	\scoreitem[1]{50}{find the same interest between two guests or a guest and the host}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	\scoreitem[1]{50}{State a shared interest between two or more persons}
```

	\scoreitem[4]{30}{Describe the first guest to the second guest (per correct attribute)}

	\scoreheading{Penalties}
	\penaltyitem[2]{50}{Wrong guest information was memorized (continue with wrong name or drink)}
	\penaltyitem[2]{50}{interest was not or wrongly memorized}
	\penaltyitem{50}{Persistent inappropriate gaze (away from conversational partner)}
	\penaltyitem{25}{Persistent gaze not in the direction of the navigation while moving.}

> 	\penaltyitem[2]{20}{wrongly identifying the favorite drink on the table}

Reviewer: Here are to many penalties. e.g. Why is `wrongly identifying the favorite drink on the table` a penalty if `identify favorite drink` is a score item. You already get no points for the (missed) scoreitem -> we can't apply a penalty to 0 points.
